---
layout: post
title: 30 Books Everyone Should Read At Least Once In Their Lives
date: 2020-03-24
source: https://www.lifehack.org/articles/communication/30-books-that-everyone-should-read-least-once-their-lives.html
categories: books
---

Let's take a look at this list of the most popular books during social distancing Coronavirus

### Everyone should read at least once for these 30 books — some are well known classics, others are modern giants.  All are well worth reading at least once in your life!

1. To Kill a Mockingbird, by Harper Lee

2. 1984, by George Orwell
1984

3. Harry Potter and the Philosopher’s Stone, by J.K. Rowling

4. The Lord of the Rings, by J.R.R. Tolkien

5. The Great Gatsby, by F. Scott Fitzgerald

6. Pride and Prejudice, by Jane Austen

7. The Diary Of A Young Girl, by Anne Frank

8. The Book Thief, by Markus Zusak

9. The Hobbit, by J.R.R. Tolkien

10. Little Women, by Louisa May Alcott

11. Fahrenheit 451, by Ray Bradbury

12. Jane Eyre, by Charlotte Bronte

13. Animal Farm, by George Orwell
ADVERTISING

14. Gone with the Wind, by Margaret Mitchell

15. The Catcher in the Rye, by J.D. Salinger

16. Charlotte’s Web, by E.B. White

17. The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe

18. The Grapes of Wrath, by John Steinbeck

19. Lord of the Flies, by William Golding

20. The Kite Runner, by Khaled Hosseini

21. Of Mice and Men, by John Steinbeck

22. A Tale of Two Cities, by Charles Dickens

23. Romeo and Juliet, by William Shakespeare

24. The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy, by Douglas Adams

25. Wuthering Heights, by Emily Bronte

26. The Color Purple, by Alice Walker

27. Alice in Wonderland, by Lewis Carroll

28. Frankenstein, by Mary Shelley

29. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, by Mark Twain
Huck-Fin

30. Slaughterhouse-Five, by Kurt Vonnegut